---
layout: post
title: "CLUG meeting 2016-05-11 minutes"
date: 2016-05-11
catogories: meeting
---
### Location: UA South, room C165A

### Date: Wednesday, May 11, 2016

### Meeting Minutes

There were five attendees (one new individual)

**Upcoming Events**

 * 14 May Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus) release party scheduled for 14 May from 1400 until ??.  The location is 5831 W. Kesler Street, Chandler.  It is more of a social event and the intent is to meet and greet although wifi will be available to install the new release should anyone want to do that.  The host for the event will be Mr & Mrs Walter Mack  (wmack on IRC).  Hamburger and hot dogs with appropriate condiments as well as soda will be provided.  If you plan to attend please RSVP to questions@azloco.com with a number attending and any side dish that you plan on bringing to assist in defraying the cost for our host.
 
 * 21 May AZLOCO/PLUG install-fest, UAT, 2625 W. Baseline, Tempe, 1000-1600.
 
 * 26 May Ubuntu Hour, Schlotzsky's, 1800-1900
 
 * 28 May CLUG meeting, Sierra Vista public library conference room, 1400-1545
 
 * 04 June AZLOCO/PLUG install-fest, UAT, 2625 W. Baseline, Tempe, 1000-1600.
 
 * 08 June CLUG meeting, UA South, room C165A, 1700-1800.
  
 **Discussion**

  * Please give some thought to presentations that you would like to see given and those that you could do for the group.  They
  can be on anything from a Linux operating system to your favorite FOSS.

  * Down the road â€“ AZLOCO & PLUG co-sponsor an install-fest on the first & third Saturdays of each month.  We of course are
  welcome to attend.  Louie Garcia and Rex Bouwense have attended two of them and we would like to get together another group
  to car pool up to Tempe.  We are exploring the possibility of holding an Installation festival/Linux Workshop here in Sierra
  Vista so to see how they run theirs would be informative.

  * We are looking for community projects to get our name in front of the public hopefully to increase our membership.
  
    * Re-furbishing computers with Linux OS and donating them.  We already have one tower ready for a new home.  It only has 512 Mb of RAM, and an 80 Gb hard drive and has Lubuntu 14.04 installed but would make an excellent first computer for someone.  If we cannot find this one a home we may put this project on hold.
    
    * A slide show/presentation for high/middle school computer clubs.  A Group POC is needed to coordinate with the clubs.  Rex Bouwense already has the start of a presentation prepared.

    * Sierra Vista night Christmas Parade.  Louie Garcia has graciously volunteered to be the POC since he has this innate desire to dress up as a penguin.
    
  * Annual West End Fair after action report.  Rex Bouwense is assembling all documents that we used to get ready for the fair to place them in a folder on Google Docs to aid in next year's participation.  This will enable us to plan successfully without having to reinvent the stuff that we did this year.
  
    * Get a street side site next year.
    
    * Drop the coloring station
    
    * Study the possibility of adding monitors and computers and some kind of power supply to the display next year.  (David Goes)
    
    * Study the possibility of adding a black mesh to the sides of the canopy to cut down on the light inside.  This ideally will make the monitors easier to see.
    
    * Add some magnets to the mesh to make ingress and egress easier.
  



