---
layout: post
title:  "CLUG meeting"
date:   2016-02-10
categories: meeting
---
### Location: U of A South Room B159
  
### Date: Wednesday, Febuary 10th 2016

### Meeting Notes:
  
**Attendees**: 4
  
**Upcoming Events**:

* 14 February Linux Presentation 1400-1600, Kingman Computer Users Club, Kingman AZ
* 20 February AZLOCO/PLUG 1000-1600 installation festival, UAT, Tempe
* 24 February UA South lecture (Congress' Approach to Cybersecurity) 1130-1230 public meeting room, Groth Hall
* 24 February UA South lecture (Technology and Elections) 1700-1800 public meeting room, Groth Hall
* 25 February Ubuntu Hour 1800-1900 at Schlotzsky's Cafe (hosted by Rex Bouwense)
* 27 FebruaryCLUG meeting 1400-1545 Sierra Vista public library conference room
  
Louie Garcia and Rex Bouwense attended the AZLOCO installation festival in Tempe on 6 February. A good time was had and we were able to meet some of the AZLOCO members and provide assistance to several people who had problems with their computer. There were no presentations given at the meeting.
  
**Linux/FOSS news**:
  
For those of you that use Ubuntu or any of its approved flavors, 15.04 has reached its End of Life on 4 February. The LTS release 16.04 is due out on 21 April. The alpha 2 releases for 16.04 which is Xenial Xerus including the Lubuntu, Mate, and Kylin versions was 29 January 2016.
  
Catfish 1.3.4 was released 31 January 2016. It can be downloaded from Launchpad. The latest stable release is still 1.2.2. Now you can download the latest stable release, the development release, and the daily release at <https://smdavis.us/2016/01/31/catfish-1-3-4-released-new-ppa/>. You can install all three and easily switch between them.
  
There is now a Ubuntu flavors download page. <http://www.ubuntu.com/download/ubuntu-flavours>. Apparently, people couldn't find their favorite flavor so Canonical has made it easy for them by creating a page where they can go to to find the version that they want to download. Ubuntu of course has its own site.
