---
layout:  post
title: "CLUG meeting 2016-06-08 minutes"
date: 2016-06-08
categories: meeting
---
### Location: UA South, room C165A

### Date: Wednesday, June 08, 2016

### Meeting Minutes

There were eight attendees (one new individual, Todd Cole the AZLOCO Team Leader)

**Upcoming Events**

 * 18 June AZLOCO/PLUG install-fest, 1000-1600 at UAT, 2625 W. Baseline Rd., Tempe.
 * 23 June Ubuntu Hour, 1800-1900 at Schlotzsky's Cafe, 3900 Fry Blvd, Sierra Vista.
 * 25 June CLUG meeting, 1400-1545 at Sierra Vista public library conference room, 2600 E. Tacoma, Sierra Vista.
 * 02 July AZLOCO/PLUG install-fest, 1000-1600 at UAT, 2625 W. Baseline Rd. Tempe.
 * 13 July CLUG meeting, 1700-1800 at UA South, classroom C165A.

**Discussion**

 * Please give some thought to presentations that you would like to see given and those that you could do for the group.  They can be on anything from a Linux operating system to your favorite FOSS.
 * Down the road â€“ AZLOCO & PLUG co-sponsor an install-fest on the first & third Saturdays of each month.  We of course are welcome to attend.  Louie Garcia, David Garcia, David Gose, and Rex Bouwense have attended and we would like to get together another group to car pool up to Tempe.  We are exploring the possibility of holding an Installation festival/Linux Workshop here in Sierra Vista so to see how they run theirs would be informative.
 * Rex Bouwense recently approached Todd Cole, AZLOCO Team Leader, on having a Ubucon for the LUGs and computer clubs within the state of Arizona.  The obvious choice for a location would be the Phoenix metropolitan area because it has the most clubs and population.  He said that UAT then becomes a great ground location because it has a large meeting room that we could secure and the possibility of using the whole building.  Rex Bouwense is responsible for creating a strawman to determine the feasibility of this activity.
 
**Community Projects**
 
 * We are looking for community projects to get our name in front of the public hopefully to increase our membership.
 * Re-furbishing computers with Linux OS and donating them.  Officially on hold.
 * A slide show/presentation for high/middle school computer clubs.  A Group POC is needed to coordinate with the clubs.  Rex Bouwense already has the start of a presentation prepared. 
 * Sierra Vista night Christmas Parade.  Louie Garcia has graciously volunteered to be the POC since he has this innate desire to dress up as a penguin.  No update at this time.
 * Annual West End Fair after action report is complete and available on Google Drive.  The final action a survey has been
   completed and returned to the committee.
   
**Presentation**

 * Rex Bouwense gave a presentation on Ubuntu Arizona Local Community (AZLOCO)

 
