---
layout: post
title:  "8th Clug Meeting"
date:   2016-01-13
categories: Meeting
---
### Location: Sierra Vista Libary - 2600 E Tacoma St Sierra Vista, AZ 85635

### Date: Wednesday, January 13th 2016

### Meeting Notes:
COCHISE LINUX USER GROUP MEETING 13 January 2016 MINUTES  
The eighth meeting of the CLUG was held at the University of Arizona, Sierra Vista campus, room C165A North on 13 January 2016 at 1700-1800.  Eight people attended the meeting.  
  
UPCOMING EVENTS:  
21-26 January  
The Southern California Linux Expo 14x will be held 21-26 at the Pasadina Convention Center. It is expected to host 150 exhibitors and 130 sessions, tutorials, and special events. https://www.socallinuxexpo.org/scale/14x Full access pass is only $75 and a 50% discount code can be obtained from PLUG. Volunteers are needed so if you want to volunteer please contact toddc@azloco.com or philipballew@ubuntu.com.  Contact Rex Bouwense if you plan to go so he can get you the 50% discount code.  Before deciding to attend check the hotels in the area for availability.
Concurrently, the Ubucon will be held at the same location 21-22 January 2016. https://insights.ubuntu.com/2015/10/21/announcing-the-ubucon-summit/ Mark Shuttleworth will be giving the keynote address.  
23 January  
CLUG meeting at the Sierra Vista public library conference room at 1400-1545.  There will be a presentation on web site creation using Git and Jekyll by Jake Strechek.  
28 January  
Ubuntu Hour 1800-1900 hours  Schlotzsky's Cafe (hosted by Rex)  
  
MEETING FORMAT:  
Meeting format for those of you that have a short memory like Rex  
1. Administrative & house keeping announcements – 5 minutes  
2. Linux & FOSS news – 5 minutes  
3. App pick and/or Terminal command of the month – 5 minutes  
4. Presentation – 20-30 minutes  
5. Questions/problems/Comments – As long as it takes  
  
DOWN THE ROAD:  
The AZLOCO and Plug co-sponsor an install-fest on the first and third Saturdays of each month from 1000-1600.  So far there are 2 people signed up for the 6 Feb event and 3 for the 20 Feb event.  Please contact Rex if you desire to attend also if you are willing to drive.  
  
NEWS:  
The CLUG meeting announcements are now being published in the Sierra Vista Herald (web site and in print).  Check the local newspaper and http://www.svherald.com/calendar/#/.  

PRESENTATIONS:  
Paul Bernard gave a presentation on GIT.  It was a primer for the presentation to be given at the next meeting on creating web sites with Jekyll. It covered the steps required to create a GIT HUB account and some basic steps needed to start and revise a project.  

Rex Bouwense gave a short presentation on Gparted. (What it is and what you can use it to do.)  
