---
layout: post
title: "CLUG 02-27 Meeting"
Date: 2016-02-27
categories: meeting
---
##Location: SVPL 2600 E Tacoma St Sierra Vista, AZ 85635

##Meeting Notes:

**Upcoming events**:
classroom B159. May be canceled. More information to follow  
09 March CLUG meeting, 1700­1800 hours, University of Arizona South,  
24 March Ubuntu Hour 1800­1900 hours Schlotzsky's Cafe (hosted by Rex)  
26 March CLUG meeting 1400­1545, Sierra Vista public library, conference  

Those present were asked to come up with a list of presentation subjects that they
would like to hear.

To date there are no presentations scheduled for the month of March.

Down the road – AZLOCO & PLUG co­sponsor an install­fest on the first & third Saturdays of each month. We are welcome to attend. Louie and I attended one and I would like to get together another group to car pool up to tempe

Any thoughts on the proposed community projects. Perhaps we need to re­think community projects because there appears to be little interest.
- re-furbishing computers with linux OS and donating them. (Leo)
- a presentation for high/middle school computer clubs. (Janet) since the school year has progressed this might well be looked at for next term.
- attendance at local events in the way of a booth. (west end far and festival of the southwest)
- david thought that perhaps if we could get a larger room for a longer time period we could convince the folks in Phoenix to provide assistance we could run our own install-fest

there is a ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus) release party scheduled for 14 may from 1500 until ? in chandler. the release date is 21 april. Rex plans on driving up there so we can probably get a car pool list for that. it is more of a social event and the intent is to meet and greet although wifi will be available to install the new release should anyone want to do that.

rex talked to a financial planner who is willing to give us a short FREE talk on financial planning. While it does some of us old guys a little good, it could really benefit you younger folks. As a minimum it could provide you with information that will enable you to make decisions more intelligently. I will schedule her for 26 March.

**Recent Linux/FOSS News**:
Mint 17.3 Cinnamon (both 32 and 64 bit) hacked on 20 Feb 16. If you downloaded the ISO on that date and didn't use a torrent, it is bogus. Check the MD5Sum and you will see that the hashes do not match. The mirror was taken down. <http://blog.linuxmint.com/?p=2994>. See also <https://lwn.net/Articles/676664> and <http://www.pcworld.com/article/3035682/security/hackers-planted-a-backdoor-inside-a-compromised-version-of-linux-mint.html>

we adjourned the meeting to the pizza hut where we enjoyed some food and some excellent conversation.
